"Silence is not empty, it’s full of answers." ~ Jonathan Carroll  
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." ~ André Gide  
"Reading is a conversation. All books talk. But a good book listens as well." ~ Mark Haddon  
"Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you." ~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón  
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
“– Is that vodka? – asked Margaret weakly. – For God’s sake, queen – he croaked – would I dare to pour vodka for a lady? It’s pure spirit.” ~ Mikhail Bulgakov  
"The moment you doubt whether you love someone, you have already stopped loving them forever." ~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón  
"– And if one day I have to leave? – asked Christopher, holding Pooh’s paw. – What then? – Nothing much. – assured Pooh. – I’ll just sit here and wait for you. When you love someone, that someone never disappears." ~ A.A. Milne  
"No day repeats itself, no two nights are alike, no two kisses the same, no two looks in the eyes identical." ~ Wisława Szymborska  
"Love is unconditional. There is no reason for love." ~ Paulo Coelho  
"– Pooh? – Yes, Piglet? – Nothing – said Piglet, taking Pooh’s paw – I just wanted to make sure you were there." ~ A.A. Milne  
"(...) people have an innate talent for choosing exactly what’s worst for them." ~ J.K. Rowling  
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
"Life is like a box of chocolates—you never know what you're gonna get." ~ Forrest Gump  
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." ~ Cicero  
"– Haven't you fallen in love with the right person yet? – Unfortunately, my only love is myself. – At least you don't worry about rejection, boy. – Not necessarily. From time to time I reject myself, to keep it interesting." ~ Cassandra Clare  
"Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: ‘What! You too? I thought I was the only one.’" ~ C.S. Lewis  
"It is ten times harder to gather yourself up than to scatter." ~ Suzanne Collins  
"Those who read books live a thousand lives before they die." ~ George R.R. Martin  
"– You feel a little lonely in the desert. – You feel equally lonely among people." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
"Friends are like silent angels who lift us when our wings forget how to fly." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
"To love someone is above all to allow them to be who they really are." ~ William Wharton  
"The funniest thing about people: They always think the opposite; they rush to adulthood, then sigh for lost childhood. They lose health to gain money, then lose money to regain health. They worry about the future, forgetting the present moment, and thus live neither in the present nor the future. They live as if never to die, and die as if never to have lived." ~ Paulo Coelho  
"The world suffers from a lack of men, especially those worth anything." ~ Jane Austen  
"You know... when you are very sad, you like sunsets..." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry  
"Killing for peace is like f***ing for virginity." ~ Stephen King  
"When you break the rules, break them good and hard." ~ Terry Pratchett  
"The most beautiful moments in life are unplanned. They just come." ~ Phil Bosmans  
"We exist as long as someone remembers us." ~ Carlos Ruiz Zafón  
"Don't mourn the dead, Harry, mourn the living, and especially those who live without love." ~ J.K. Rowling
